the aerated water of the Falls creates
prized feeding grounds
with the currents of fierce these
35-grand fluff balls must learn fast or
face being swept away
[Music]
Mumm leads them down the side of the
force
[Music]
go is a rocky island
mum and dad gather their chicks
and they're off
[Music]
the ducklings downy feathers trapped air
like a lifejacket as they Bob across the
surface
[Music]
that's a good start
the one jig is swept away
[Music]
practically for that missing duckling
the chaos they have to make a difficult
choice risk everything for a rescue or
keep their other chick safe
they push across the final current to
the back
mom makes a break for it
one lung chick struggles through
swiftly followed by dad
[Music]
the rock is a refuge but the insects
they eat live underwater
so this duckling has to go in again
luckily the island gives shelter from
the full force of the torrents
now it's downy feathers make a too
buoyant to dive so in the shallows it
grips the riverbed with its tiny feet
and drives its head underwater
today these parents have led their
duckling through its toughest rite of
passage